c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Crafty.dll.config
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Crafty.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Crafty.pdb
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Jint.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Jint.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\React.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\React.Web.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\React.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\React.Web.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\obj\Release\Crafty.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\obj\Release\Crafty.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\obj\Release\Crafty.pdb
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Crafty\Crafty\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
